A doctor who has tried himself in many fields of medicine, I am currently increasing my level of knowledge in the military field. I am a military serviceman under contract
A kind, cheerful person. I treat work responsibly, pay attention to details, listen to people's opinions, and am open to communication and cooperation. I am interested in science, cultural events, art, public events. I like to read fiction and scientific literature.
A guy who is learning to live
A good person, honest, kind
A simple girl, I don't like to work at a job I don't like.
A creative person with entrepreneurial ambitions
A creative person, I like to draw, read, attend master classes and complete quests. I like communication and spending time with friends. I adore animals.
Creative personality. Constantly in search of new hobbies. I am responsible for doing.
Creative, creative. Purposeful, interested in everything new. I love nature
A person with a good heart
A person who loves his work
Active, purposeful, focused on quality in work. I like coherence and optimization of work processes, which helps speed in obtaining results. 
An active person in any field of activity
Active, easy to learn and eager to achieve new things. I easily accept new acquaintances, always open to people. I dream of achieving a good income.
Stubborn, purposeful and fair
Kind, generous, I quickly learn new things
Strong-willed, executive, calm, capable. I like to work with people
Kind, polite, educated. I am fond of confectionery and gardening.
Enthusiast, skeptic, sense of humor, cynicism, empathy
Attention, respect, politeness.
Discreet, but sociable, I love creative work, and I always have the inspiration to do something with my own hands
Energetic, cheerful, responsible. I love music, dancing, I am currently studying.
Friendly, active, sociable
I am attentive to small things, it is interesting to learn something new. I can switch quickly
Attentive, responsible
attentive, goal-oriented, I bring everything to the end
Attentive, intelligent, active
Fun, favorite activity - spending time with family
Cheerful, fair, responsible. I like football, fishing.
Cheerful, smart, hardworking
Cheerful, young, happy, I like to walk in the park and feed the ducks
Cheerful, kind, shy, insecure. I like to cook, spend the summer in the village. I want to overcome my insecurity and improve my health, which failed because of the war. I know how to knit a little, I like to draw pictures by numbers
Cheerful, intelligent, energetic. I like to travel, to get new experiences from traveling, from meeting other people. I like to cook and experiment in the kitchen
Calm, I don't like intrusive people, restrained
I am a calm person, I like to draw, sleep, eat and listen to music
I am calm, slow, lazy, but I can work hard when needed. I like to watch movies and anime, I go swimming
Calm. Authorized. Without complexes. A great desire to travel and discover new emotions.
I am a strong and independent girl, I live alone. Cheerful, kind, responsible, somewhat domineering and dominant in communication. I listen mostly to k-pop, rock and classics, but I prefer TV series. 
I like communicating with people, visiting exhibitions and theaters, and being creative.
I like to communicate and help. In free time, sports, recreation,
I like to communicate with people.
I like to communicate with people personally
Hardworking, purposeful
Hardworking. Inflammatory. Purposeful
I am a hardworking person, responsible, punctual. I really like medicine and plan to further develop in it
Hardworking, responsible and diverse in life
I am hardworking, talented, focused on work
Hardworking, responsible. I like animals, I like to draw pictures, I like gardening, books.
I am a creative person, I like to draw, hand-median, I want to find a remote job, I want to earn money but have free time for my affairs, not to be dependent on the schedule and time.
I am a creative, self-sufficient young woman who loves to travel. My profession helps to see many countries. I bring beauty to people.
I am a creative, kind person. I adore animals. My main activity is photography, and I live by it. I love seeing smiles on people's faces. I also had experience working in the field of service, but it is a very stressful job
I am a creative person who always strives to develop and try something new
I am a creative person, I like to listen to many genres of music, I perceive my own self-expression through the prism of creativity. I am fond of photography, cycling, technology and computer games.
I'm an introverted person who has a small circle of close friends. I enjoy reading, watching movies, spending time with friends in bars and restaurants. I also like traveling and learning new things about cultures and languages.
I am an introvert, ambitious and individualistic. I love literature, music, sports, everything related to the cultural and psychological development of the individual. At work, I prefer independent work, self-employment.
Introvert, rational type, strategic thinking, planner. Attitude to work - attention to detail and the possibility of independent planning of the activity regime. Hobbies - strategic games, puzzles, crosswords, sports competitions.
I am currently on maternity leave, but I am trying to work through Instagram. I enjoy selecting and selling our merchandise.
A mother on maternity leave who does not know where to turn, I am studying SMM in the hope that this is my vocation
I am on maternity leave
I am a mother on maternity leave with an unmarried husband, I live with a child and a husband in a civil marriage, before the maternity leave I worked in the retail trade of alcohol
At the moment I am on maternity leave but I really want to work in a team. In my free time I pay attention to surveys.
Currently on maternity leave
Ordinary person
An ordinary girl, she left the university and went to work as a seller to earn money. I plan to continue to grow and develop in my chosen field. Also, I don't understand why you need all this information about me. And why this survey at all. 
I'm an ordinary girl, I work. I love active recreation. I really love nature and recreation related to it
I'm a workaholic, I can't sit still. I constantly try to improve myself, because if I don't do it, I won't feel needed.
I am a strong, responsible, detail-oriented, creative person. I really like to draw, watch movies, learn something new
I am a very intelligent, hardworking and talented person. A good doctor in the future. This is my hobby and favorite thing
I am a very creative and well-read person. I always treat work with all respect. I like to draw and read
I am a person who loves life!!! I am interested in learning something new. I love active recreation with family and friends.
I am active and purposeful, ready for new tasks and meetings
I am an active, energetic person. I work to get paid. My favorite pastime is walking on the street, if you can call it an activity.
I am a young guy, I do sports, I study, I develop. I like to watch football and boxing.
I am a very friendly person, I love communication. I love animals
I am a 15-year-old schoolgirl who enjoys music, playing the guitar, drawing and learning languages. I hope to enter medical school at the Faculty of Dentistry
I am a mother, I want a better future for my child, so I also spend time with my child while working. I like to cook, communicate with people. I take responsibility for my work
I am quite a sociable person, I can develop in areas that interest me. I treat work responsibly
I am an empathetic person, I constantly try to help others. I like to travel and eat delicious food. I am fond of embroidery.
I am active and cheerful
I am sociable, I like communicating with people. I diligently perform the tasks entrusted to me. I want to earn decent money, for this I am ready to study
I am a very attentive person and also like to work hard
I am a young energetic person from Ukraine who works full-time in the field of marketing and sales. I believe that my approach to work is based on professionalism, responsibility and persistence.
I am an 18-year-old Ukrainian and work full-time in marketing and sales. My personality can be characterized as responsible, purposeful and thorough. I always try to make maximum efforts to achieve the set goals and objectives.
I like to learn new things, read, play sports, draw and listen to music
like travelling. I like skiing, spending time with my child, learning languages. I worked as an analyst and plan to return to this profession
I like to perform medical manipulations, learn new things, communicate with colleagues and share information. In my free time I read, play games, go to the cinema.
I like to work with people. Sociable, cheerful, friendly. I have three favorites
I like to work, sell, draw, photograph
I love my job, it's a hobby for me. In the future, I want to work in a specialty
I like music, culture, I like to do what I like, so I work where I am appreciated or where I can be useful
I really like my job, I like helping people. She is a calm, punctual and sociable person. I like to read books, but I don't always have time for it.
I love my work. I am interested in IT and banking
I love my work, I work with interest and I serve with kindness.
I'm a mother on maternity leave and I have a small child and I like to learn something new.